{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\b\v\f0\fs19 [ENGLISH]\par
\pard\keepn\s1\sb240\sa60\kerning32\v0\fs32 Age of Empires III \endash  The WarChiefs Privacy Statement\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\kerning0\b0\fs20 Published: August 2006\par
At Microsoft, we're working hard to protect your privacy, while delivering products that bring you the performance, power, and convenience you desire in your personal computing. This privacy statement explains the data collection and use practices of Age of Empires III \endash  War Chiefs Expansion. This disclosure focuses on a few specific features that send information to and from the Internet. It is not intended to be an exhaustive list. It does not apply to other online or offline Microsoft sites, products, or services. \par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\b\fs19 Information storage, processing, and release \par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b0\fs20 Information that is collected by or sent to Microsoft may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or agents maintain facilities. Microsoft abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union. Microsoft may disclose information about you if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Microsoft or the site; (b) protect or defend the rights or property of Microsoft and its family of websites; or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Microsoft employees, users of Microsoft software or services, or members of the public. \par
Microsoft occasionally hires other companies to provide limited services on its behalf, such as providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of reports. Microsoft will provide these companies only the information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose. \par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\b\fs19 Collection and use of information about your computer\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b0\fs20 This software contains several Internet-enabled features that collect standard information from your computer ("standard computer information"), and might collect additional information needed for a specific feature and send it to Microsoft. Standard computer information generally includes such information as your Internet Protocol (IP) address; operating system version; browser version; your hardware ID, which indicates the device manufacturer, device name, and version; and your regional and language settings. The privacy details for each Windows feature listed in this privacy statement will disclose whether any additional information is collected and how it is used, if the feature sends information to Microsoft. \par
Information that is collected by or sent to Microsoft may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or agents maintain facilities.\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\b\fs19 Security practices\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b0\fs20 Microsoft is committed to protecting the security of your information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the information you provide on computer servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities.\par
\pard\s2\sb100\sa100\b\fs23 ESO/Multiplayer Play\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\fs19 What this feature does\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b0\fs20 ESO/Multiplayer Play allows you to join others in a multiplayer environment via the Internet.\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\b\fs19 Information collected, processed, or transmitted\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b0\fs20 When you choose ESO and create a Multiplayer account, you will be asked to create a nickname. This nickname will be shown to other players when you are signed into Multiplayer using ESO and may be displayed with your game statistics and presence status. Since these names may be publicly displayed, you should not use your personal information when creating them. You are also asked to provide an email address. Your email address is only used by us to send you an email if you request a forgotten password.\par
When joining a game on ESO, your IP Address is sent to Microsoft to establish the session. After you log into your account we also download information about the file size of the game you are trying to join to make sure that the version of the game you are playing matches the version of the game you are trying to join. This is to ensure that your game has not been modified in a way that would affect the game play experience for you and the rest of the Multiplayer community. When we process game traffic we may collect information about your usage of ESO/Multiplayer. This information can include such activities as times you sign-in to and sign-off from ESO/Multiplayer and game statistics like game score. \par
\pard\s2\sb100\sa100\b\fs23 Microsoft Error Reporting Service\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\fs19 Why does Microsoft collect information about errors and problems?\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b0\fs20 The information helps Microsoft and Windows partners diagnose problems in the software you use and provide solutions. Not all problems have solutions, but when solutions are available, they are offered as steps to solve a problem you\rquote ve reported or as updates to install. As part of setup and installation, the Microsoft Error Reporting Service sends back information about setup or installation failures in order to attempt to diagnose the problem. To help prevent problems and make software more reliable, some solutions are also included in service packs and future versions of the software.  \par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\b\fs19 How is information collected? \par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b0\fs20 Many Microsoft software programs, including this program, are designed to work with the reporting service. If a problem occurs in one of these software programs, you are asked if you want to send a report to check for a solution. You can view the details of the report before sending it, although some files might not be in a readable format.  \par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\b\fs19 What types of information can be collected? \par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b0\fs20 The reporting service can collect information about problems that interrupt you while you use this program, and about errors that occur behind the scenes. It is important to diagnose errors that occur behind the scenes because these problems, if left unsolved, might cause additional problems such as performance or program failures. \par
Reports contain information that is most useful for diagnosing and solving the problem that has occurred, such as:\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Where the problem happened in the software or hardware. Occasionally, empty files might be included as an initial indication of a problem.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 The type or severity of the problem, if known.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Files that help describe the problem (typically, system or report-generated files about software behavior before or after the problem occurred).\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Basic software and hardware information (such as operating system version and language, device models and manufacturers, or memory and hard disk size). \par
\pard\sb100\sa100 Reports might unintentionally contain personal information, but this information is not used to identify you or contact you. For example, a report that contains a snapshot of computer memory might include your name, part of a document you were working on, or data that you recently submitted to a website. If you are concerned that a report might contain personal or confidential information, you should not send the report. If a report is likely to contain this type of information, Windows will ask if you want to send it, even if you have turned on automatic reporting. This gives you the opportunity to review the report before you send it.\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\b\fs19 Who can use the information and how can it be used? \par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b0\fs20 Microsoft uses information about errors and problems to improve Windows and the software and hardware designed for use with Windows operating systems. Microsoft employees, contractors, vendors, and partners may be provided access to information collected by the reporting service. However, they may use the information only to repair or improve the products that they publish or manufacture. \b\par
\b0 For example, if an error report indicates that a third-party product is involved, Microsoft may send that information to the vendor of the product. The vendor may provide the information to sub-vendors and partners; however, all parties must abide by the terms of this privacy statement. \par
To improve the products that run on Microsoft software, Microsoft may share aggregate information about errors and problems. Aggregate information is used for statistical analysis and does not contain specific information from individual reports, nor does it include any personal or confidential information that may have been collected from a report. \par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\b\fs19 About surveys and report tracking\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b0\fs20 After you report a problem, you might be asked to complete a survey about the error experience. If you choose to provide a phone number or e-mail address in response to the survey, your error report will no longer be anonymous. Microsoft may contact you to request additional information to help solve the problem you reported. \par
To view your problem history or check for new solutions, go to Problem Reports and Solutions in Control Panel or see Help and Support for more information.  \par
\pard\s2\sb100\sa100\b\fs23 For more information\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b0\fs20 If you have questions about this privacy statement, please contact us by submitting your questions online to Privacy Feedback (https://support.microsoft.com/common/survey.aspx?scid=sw;en;1213&showpage=1&ws=WindowsVista).\par
Or by postal mail:\par
Age of Empires III \endash  The WarChiefs Privacy Statement \line\lang56336 c/o Microsoft Privacy Response Center\line\lang1033 Microsoft Corporation\line One Microsoft Way\line Redmond, Washington 98052\par
\pard\s3\sb100\sa100\b\v\fs19 [END OF ALL LANGUAGES]\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\b0\v0\fs20\par
}
 